Update B2B-Sync.md for production roll out (#959)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/b2b-sync.md

- External sharing must be enabled for your organization.
- External sharing must be enabled for the site or OneDrive.

> - ADAL must not be enabled if using builds before 19.086.*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ADAL must not be enabled if using builds before 19.086.
```

 
## Enable external sharing for your organization 
 

> In order for users at your orgnaization to be able to share with their partners at other orgnaizations, external sharing must be enabled at the organization level. To do this, you must be a global or SharePoint admin in Office 365. After you enable external sharing at the organization level, you can restrict it site by site. A site's settings can be the same as the organization setting, or more restrictive, but not more permissive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for users at your organization to be able to share with their partners at other organizations, external sharing must be enabled at the organization level. To do this, you must be a global or SharePoint admin in Office 365. After you enable external sharing at the organization level, you can restrict it site by site. A site's settings can be the same as the organization setting, or more restrictive, but not more permissive.
```

![Request access or stop syncing library](media/error-resolution.png) 

## Policy Setting to Prevent B2B Sync

> The B2B Sync feature of the OneDrive sync client allows users at an organization to sync content shared with them from another organization. If you wish to prevent users at your organization from being able to use B2BSync, you may set a policy value on your user's Windows PC or Mac to block external sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The B2B Sync feature of the OneDrive sync client allows users at an organization to sync content shared with them from another organization. If you wish to prevent users at your organization from being able to use B2B Sync, you may set a policy value on your users' Windows PC or Mac to block external sync.
```

Author: Thanks for all your suggested edits Nicole!  Much better with your improvements.  I and our customers appreciate your efforts.

> You only need to take these actions if you wish to prevent users at your organization from using the B2BSync feature (ie prevent syncing libraries and folders shared from other organizations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to take these actions if you wish to prevent users at your organization from using the B2B Sync feature (to prevent syncing libraries and folders shared from other organizations).
```

The new BlockExternalSync setting is described in the adm\OneDrive.admx and OneDrive.adml files installed as part of the OneDrive sync product build 19.086.* or higher.  If you use ADM to manage your OneDrive sync client policies, import the new files as you normally would to see the new setting.

> If you are using other management systems to deploy policies to your user’s Windows PCs, do the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using other management systems to deploy policies to your users' Windows PCs, use the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:
```

reg add "HKLM\SOFTWARE\Policies\Microsoft\OneDrive" /v BlockExternalSync /t REG_DWORD /d 1
 

> On a Mac with the Apple Store version of OneDrive, do the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Mac with the Apple Store version of OneDrive, use the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:
```

defaults write com.microsoft.OneDrive-mac BlockExternalSync -bool YES

> On a Mac with the Standalone version of OneDrive, do the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Mac with the Standalone version of OneDrive, use the equivalent of the following command to prevent B2B Sync:
```
